1. Thesis title, author and supervisor name (1 slide)
	Thesis information:
	University of Debrecen, Faculty of Informatics
	Supervisor’s name: Dr. Gál Zoltán
	Thesis title: Visualization of Wireless Network Status Information with SQL DB
	
2. Problem posing, the task to be solved, including the highlighting independent work (1- 2 slides)
	Monitoring an active communications network, diagnosing faults, and gathering statistics for
	administration and fine tuning are all significant aspects of network management in the market.
	Fortunately, leveraging the simple network management protocol SNMP, an application layer
	protocol assists network engineers in performing activities on the network for gathering statistics
	and extra information. Several requests are offered by the protocol to perform the necessary
	network queries. The thesis implementation's main goal is to track managed devices, such as
	network interfaces. Using the SNMP protocol, the software can track in/out traffic and record the
	returned data in a sqlite3 database. Furthermore, the software creates a plot by displaying a
	performance chart based on the stored data. More scenarios can be explored since the program
	performs the functionality using the object identifier (OID) from the management information base
	(MIB). A live table is included in the software user interface, in addition to the database, to store
	information collected from the three primary SNMP requests. The request action sends APIs to
	the managed device, and the data is collected and displayed in the graphical interface.

3. Brief, factual summary of the principles, methods and technologies used for the solution (slides1-3)
4. Description of independent work (1-2 slides)
	Thesis implementation:
	The development language is for the project is Python and the four major parts to fully
	implement the project are:
	1) PyQt5 creates a well-designed graphical user interface (GUI). The library provides two
	options for designing the front-end: using Designer Qt 5 or hardcoding the components.
	The library provides the combination of two techniques to distribute the design for better
	usage. Designer Qt 5 uses a simple drag-and-drop mechanism, then calls the objects within
	the main class to add further functionality for maximum performance.
	2) The SNMP requests functions are written using PySNMP, a Python library that is crossplatform. 	 
	To query information and communicate with the network, the SNMP functions
	use APIs. The APIs are collected from the GUI inputs and transmitted over the network in
	a suitable block. The data is received by the software, which then displays it in a table with
	names and values.
	3) A Python class is written independently to collect status information for the device's
	interfaces; each device will almost definitely have many interfaces to connect to the router.
	To calculate input and output utilization of the interface using "Pandas," the program just
	collects mean data. Sqlite3 stores these values in the database that has been created.
	4) Finally, the data plotting phase using "matplotlib" begins with the software swiftly
	
5. Conclusions, suggestions, description of further development opportunities (1 slide)
	The conclusion from the project it can grow more bigger for unlimited future features and implementation 
	tracking the devices and its traffic is more important than ever the big world of internet is insecure by 
	the time. Protection for the network is better the infection of devices. The future development includes 
	uncountable number of features since the protocol receive the traffic from device objects a lot more inner 
	objects can have its own graph of performance as well as the network interfaces. Additionally it can implement 
	traps for more security term to notify the network engineer about events happening on the devices 

6. Acknowledgments, bibliography (1 slide)
	First and foremost, I want to express my gratitude to everyone who has supported me along
	this journey of close friends. Furthermore, I want to express my heartfelt gratitude to my father
	and mother, as well as the rest of my family, for their unwavering support, care, and
	encouragement, without which I would not be able to complete this journey.
	Second, I'd want to express my gratitude to Dr. Gal Zoltan, my thesis supervisor, for all of his
	meticulous mentoring, directions, and assistance in guiding me to a successful submission.
	Finally, I'd like to convey my thankfulness and appreciation to God for bringing this endeavor
	to fruition. Then I'd want to thank our faculty and my university for all their efforts on behalf
	of the faculty and for disseminating the rules among the students to make their studies easier,
	especially during this time.
	This works has been supported by QoS-HPC-IoT Laboratory at the University of Debrecen,
	Hungary.
